Project Console: https://console.firebase.google.com/project/kickr-racer/overview
Hosting URL: https://kickr-racer.web.app

Please create a game which can run in a browser on both mobile or desktop computers called "hold the wheel".  In this game, our hero will be riding a bicycle in France through small towns, across rolling hills, and large mountains.  Our user will be responsible for how much power, measured in watts, will be used to propel the bike forward.  The speed of the bicycle will be determined by a combination of the amount of watts, the gradient of the road, and the weight of the bike and rider.  Let's assume the weight for the bike and rider combined is 175lbs.  The goal of the game is to accumulate the most points possible during the game.  The game will feature 3 villians, the climber, the sprinter, and the rouleur.  When the enemy randomly appears, the hero will need to ride at the same speed as the villian and at very close proximity to earn points, also known as drafting.  Each villian will deploy thier special skill at random to trick the user.  The rouler can ride at high power for the longest amount of time before fading.  The climber, as compared to the rouler, can ride at higher power for a shorter amount of time.  The sprinter, as compared to the climber, can ride at a higher power, for a shorter amount of time.  After the villian deploys the skill, they will fade away and the user will need to wait for the next villian.  The user will need to accumulate enough points to keep the game moving. It should be difficult for the user to determine how much power to produce to have the bike going at the right speed to stay with the villian.  The user only accumulates points for being very close to the villian.  If too far back or ahead of the villian, they will not gain points and that will end the game early.  Let's focus on the game play first and the graphics after.

OK, now is the big change.  Only when in simulator mode, I would like to have as objective that the user should be responsible for riding at 20 mile per hour.  Based on the gradient, they will need to be in the perfect gear and pedaling at the perfect cadence to meet the objective and earn points.  If they are a little off, they will earn less points, and if they are way off, they will earn no points.  Can we make this happen?
